Students get Google AI Pro free for 1 year. Study smarter with higher access to Gemini, a 24/7 personal AI agent, and 5 TB of storage. See offers
Power your everyday with a Google AI plan
Sign up for a Google AI plan
Cancel anytime. By subscribing, you agree to terms for Google One and offers . See how Google handles data .
Unlock essential tools to boost productivity with 2x access* to Gemini
More access to Gemini 3.1 Pro and Deep Research in Gemini.
Gemini in Google apps to help you proofread in Gmail.
More access to image, music, and video generation models in Gemini and Search. 2
Create insightful multi-page reports in less time in Gemini.
More access to features and models in Gemini Notebook.
400 GB of cloud storage across Gmail, Drive, and Photos.
Family sharing with up to five others.
Plus other AI benefits across Google products.
Create faster and get more done with 4x access* to Gemini
Expanded access to Gemini 3.1 Pro and Deep Research in Gemini.
Expanded access to Gemini 3 Pro in AI Mode for Google Search, 2 and features including Deep Search.
Gemini in Google apps to help you proofread in Gmail and work smarter in Docs and Sheets. Plus, ask your Gmail inbox for an AI Overview (US only).
Access to Gemini Spark. 3
Access to Chrome auto browse. 4
Expanded access to image, music, and video generation models in Gemini, Search, 2 and Google Flow, 5 plus added benefits in Google Photos (US only), like more Remix generations (US only).
Create insightful multi-page reports in less time in Gemini and Search. 2
Expanded access to features and models in Gemini Notebook.
Expanded limits in AI Studio 6 , Google Antigravity, and Jules. 7
Supercharge Android development with expanded limits to our best Gemini models for agentic AI-assistance in Android Studio.
$10 in monthly Google Cloud credits from Google Developer Program.
Enjoy YouTube with fewer ads, offline, and in the background with the YouTube Premium Lite plan 8 (availability varies by country ).
Unlock Google Health Premium ( /mo value) included for access to health coaching that’s built with Gemini and made for you (eligible device required). 9
Get the Google Home Premium Standard plan at no cost ($10/mo value), with 30 days of event history and Gemini features. 10
5 TB of cloud storage across Gmail, Drive, and Photos.
Family sharing with up to five others.
Plus other AI benefits across Google products.
Starting at 20 TB of storage
Accelerate your workflows with up to 20x access* to Gemini
Higher access to Gemini 3.1 Pro, Deep Research, Gemini Agent (US only, English only), and the Deep Think reasoning mode in Gemini.
Higher access to Gemini 3 Pro in AI Mode for Google Search 2 and features including Deep Search. Plus, AI-powered calling for local businesses (US only).
Gemini in Google apps to help you proofread in Gmail and work smarter in Docs and Sheets. Plus, ask your Gmail inbox for an AI Overview (US only).
Higher limits to Chrome auto browse. 4
Higher access to image, music, and video generation models in Gemini, Search, 2 and Google Flow, 5 plus added benefits in Google Photos (US only), like more Remix generations (US only).
Interactive world creation and exploration in real time with Project Genie. 11
Create insightful multi-page reports in less time in Gemini and Search. 2
Higher access to features and models in Gemini Notebook.
Higher limits in AI Studio 6 , Google Antigravity, and Jules. 7
Supercharge Android development with higher limits to our best Gemini models for agentic AI‑assistance in Android Studio.
$40 in monthly Google Cloud credits from Google Developer Program.
Enjoy YouTube ad-free with the YouTube Premium individual plan 12 (availability varies by country ).
Unlock Google Health Premium ( /mo value) included for access to health coaching that’s built with Gemini and made for you (eligible device required). 9
Get the Google Home Premium Advanced plan at no cost ($20/mo value), with 24/7 event history, Gemini features, and event descriptions. 10
Cloud storage starting at 20 TB across Gmail, Drive, and Photos.
Family sharing with up to five others.
Plus other AI benefits across Google products.
Google AI Ultra is available in more than 150 countries — see full list of countries .
YouTube Premium individual plan is available in over 40 countries — see full list of countries .
* In comparison to non-AI subscribers
Age restrictions, language availability, system requirements, and other restrictions may apply.
Your Google Account gives you 15 GB of storage, which is included as part of the total storage offered in Google One plans.
See your savings on AI, YouTube, and more
Google AI Pro Google AI Ultra
Set the amounts below to match your current monthly spend.
Included in Pro: Four times more Gemini access*
* In comparison to non-AI subscribers.
Included in Pro: 5 TB cloud storage
Premium individual ($15.99)
Included in Pro: YouTube Premium Lite 8
Individual plan selected: Because the YouTube Premium individual plan isn't included in Google AI Pro plans, this spend isn't included in your savings total.
Family plan selected: Because the YouTube family plan isn't included in Google AI Pro plans, this spend isn't included in your savings total.
Included in Pro: Google Health Premium 9
Home automation and security
Included in Pro: Google Home Premium Standard 10
Monthly ($19.99) Annual ($199.99)
Current separate services
Share storage and AI with up to 5 people
$6.67/mo equivalent cost per user
View all bundled Pro features
5 TB secure storage across Google Drive, Gmail, and Photos
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, and Sheets
Google Home Premium Standard 10
Digital spend estimates, including per-user cost, are for illustrative purposes only and are based solely on your self-reported inputs. Actual costs, individual feature eligibility, usage capacity, and savings may vary depending on your specific subscriptions, regional availability, and plan terms. Offers and pricing are subject to change.
Set the amounts below to match your current monthly spend.
Included in Ultra: 5x more Gemini access than Pro
Included in Ultra: 20 TB cloud storage
Premium individual ($15.99)
Premium individual ($15.99)
Included in Ultra: YouTube Premium individual
Family plan selected: Because the YouTube family plan isn't included in Google AI Ultra plans, this spend isn't included in your savings total.
Included in Ultra: Google Health Premium
Home automation and security
Included in Ultra: Google Home Premium Advanced
$99.99/mo - Ultra plans are billed monthly only
Current separate services
Share storage and AI with up to 5 people
$33.33/mo equivalent cost per user
View all bundled Ultra features
20 TB secure storage across Google Drive, Gmail, and Photos
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, and Sheets
YouTube Premium individual (videos and music ad-free, offline, and in the background)
Google Home Premium Advanced 10
More benefits across Google
Digital spend estimates, including per-user cost, are for illustrative purposes only and are based solely on your self-reported inputs. Actual costs, individual feature eligibility, usage capacity, and savings may vary depending on your specific subscriptions, regional availability, and plan terms. Offers and pricing are subject to change.
Looking for AI solutions for your business or work account? Try Gemini Enterprise app
Students get more with Google AI
Try Google AI Pro free for 1 year including 4x higher usage limits in Gemini, a 24/7 personal AI agent and 5 TB of cloud storage. Or, enjoy YouTube and YouTube Music ad-free, offline, and in the background with our discounted student bundle. 13
Availability varies by country – see full list of countries and regions where Google AI Pro and YouTube Premium are supported.
Discover a universe of possibilities
Get access to Google’s most capable AI models
Tackle your most complex projects with Gemini Pro and Ultra
Our latest models are far more capable at logical reasoning, analysis, coding, and creative collaboration so you can get more done, faster. Plus, be among the first to try our newest experimental models as they become available.
Get the most from Gemini features
Unlock expanded access to Gemini features, including Deep Research. It automatically browses and analyzes hundreds of websites in real-time to give you comprehensive research reports on nearly any topic — in a matter of minutes.
Gemini Spark — Your 24/7 personal AI agent
Your most complex to‑dos, done
Gemini Spark is your 24/7 personal AI agent that helps you navigate your digital life, takes action on your behalf, and is under your direction. Give it a task and it can monitor, track, and execute on your behalf, keeping your focus on the actions that are truly crucial.
Available to Google AI Pro and Ultra subscribers in select countries . 3
Boost productivity with Gemini in your Google apps
Get personalized help drafting, refining, and finishing docs faster
Bring your ideas to life in Docs with help from Gemini
Create personalized documents with Gemini in Docs. Draft in seconds, refine as you go, and match writing style or format so your work feels polished and ready to share.
Find emails and draft documents just by talking
Let your voice do the work
Say what you need to instantly search your inbox with Gmail Live, or outline and write full documents with Docs Live just by talking.
Gmail Live (AI Plus, Pro, Ultra) and Docs Live (AI Pro, Ultra) are rolling out on Android and iOS in US only.
Prioritize your to‑dos and important updates with AI Inbox
Stay on top of what matters most
AI Inbox is like having a personalized briefing, highlighting to-dos and catching you up on what matters.
Available to Google AI Plus, Pro, and Ultra users in the US.
Find deeper answers to your toughest questions
Big questions deserve deeper answers
Deep Search in AI Mode browses hundreds of sites and reasons across them, so you can get deeper answers faster.
Available to Google AI Pro and Ultra users in the US.
Hand off your to‑do list to Chrome auto browse
Let Gemini in Chrome complete tasks for you with auto browse. For example, it can research hotel and flight costs across multiple date options to find you a budget-friendly time to travel.
Available to Google AI Pro and Ultra users in the US and India.
Bring your next creative masterpiece to life
Blend text, images, and video to bring your ideas to life in motion
You can now upload multiple reference images to direct the characters, objects, and style of your scene for more dynamic storytelling.
Create images that match your imagination
Where imagination becomes imagery
Create visuals that match exactly what you have in mind, from images and typography to infographics. Describe what you want, explore styles, and refine every element, all in Gemini and Flow.
Compose custom soundtracks for
Play with sound styles to create new songs
Generate complete tracks with Lyria 3.5, including instrumentals, vocals, and lyrics. Mix genres, moods, and eras using simple prompts to push your sound in new directions.
Code and ship faster with autonomous AI agents
Orchestrate complex projects with agentic workflows
Manage your own team of AI coding agents
Guide multiple agents to plan, generate, and refine code in one place. Powered by Google Antigravity, your agent-first development platform.
Fix bugs and build new features with a coding agent
Delegate tasks to an AI agent that gets your code
Jules connects to repositories to review issues, draft pull requests, and handle tasks in the background, so you can stay focused on the bigger picture.
New Google Developer Program
Accelerate your path to deploy and scale
New Google Developer Program
Fuel your next build with the ultimate developer toolkit
Build, test, and deploy without infrastructure limits. Access cloud credits, powerful models, and a unified developer profile, so your projects can scale seamlessly.
Explore Google Developer Program
Take your learning to the next level
Understand and master topics faster
Study and research smarter with expanded access to audio overviews, notebooks and sources per notebook.
Save hours on complex research
Condense hours of searching
Your research assistant uses 3 Pro to helps you turn hours of work into minutes. Dive into detailed reports on any topic and ask follow-up questions to sharpen your insights.
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, and more
Stay on top of every project
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, and more
Stay organized and move projects forward
Simplify your daily tasks and get help writing, organizing, and visualizing directly in your favorite Google apps.
Google AI Pro and AI Ultra subscribers get premium perks
Enjoy the entertainment you love with fewer distractions
When you get a Google AI Ultra subscription, you’ll also get a YouTube Premium individual plan for no additional cost — enjoy ad-free YouTube and YouTube Music, offline and in the background. 12
A Google AI Pro subscription comes with YouTube Premium Lite — see fewer ads on most videos, at no extra cost. 8
Availability varies by country – see full list of countries for YouTube Premium Lite and YouTube Premium individual .
Supercharge your smart home devices with Gemini for simpler, smarter living
Google AI Ultra subscribers get the Advanced plan of Google Home Premium for no extra cost. 1
A Google AI Pro subscription includes Google Home Premium for no additional cost, and can upgrade to Advanced for /month any time. 10
Only available with Google AI Pro or Google AI Ultra plans in countries where Google Home Premium is available.
Get personalized fitness, sleep, and health coaching, powered by Gemini
A Google AI Ultra or AI Pro subscription includes Google Health Premium for no extra cost. 1
Google Health Premium brings together effortless tracking and a health coach built with Gemini to deliver proactive, personal, and adaptive guidance that makes the most of your everyday. 9
Requires the Google Health app and a Pixel Watch or Fitbit device (sold separately). Only available with Google AI Pro or Google AI Ultra plans in countries where Google Health Premium is available.
Be among the first to explore Google’s latest AI innovations
infinitely diverse worlds
Your music production partner
Find the right Google AI plan for you
Storage for Gmail, Google Drive, Google Photos
Family sharing with up to 5 people
Image generation and editing with Nano Banana Pro
Video generation model access
Create music with Lyria 3.5
Priority access to new features
Expanded token context window
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, and more
Ask your Gmail inbox and get an AI Overview (US only)
Help me generate video in Vids
Take notes for me in Google Meet (EN only)
Vibe code custom Google Flow Tools
Google Flow Music Credits
Access to our most capable models
Daily usage across Flash and Pro models
Image generation and editing with Nano Banana Pro
Priority access to new features
Access to our most capable Gemini models
Image generation and editing
Agentic capabilities in AI Mode (US only)
Deep Search in Google Finance
Complete tasks with Chrome auto browse 4
Google Developer Program premium
Access limits to our best Gemini models for agentic AI-assistance
Photo-to-video generations
Access to interactive world model
Premium video calling features in Google Meet
Enhanced appointment scheduling in Google Calendar
YouTube Premium Lite plan included
Availability varies by country
YouTube Premium individual plan included
Availability varies by country
YouTube Premium individual plan included
Availability varies by country
* In comparison to non-AI subscribers
Frequently asked questions
What is included in Google AI plans?
There are three Google AI plans that users can subscribe to: Google AI Plus, Google AI Pro, and Google AI Ultra.
Google AI Plus gives you more access to Google AI, including:
Gemini app with more access to 3.1 Pro and limited access to Gemini Omni Flash 5
Google Flow with more access to Google Omni Flash 5
Gemini Notebook with more access
400 GB of storage for Google Photos, Drive, and Gmail
Google AI Pro gives you everything in Plus, with expanded access to Google AI, and:
Gemini app with expanded limits to 3.1 Pro and access to Google Omni Flash 5
Google Flow with expanded limits to Google Omni Flash 5
AI Studio with expanded limits to prototype, experiment and build with our Gemini 3.1 Pro models and Nano Banana Pro. 6
YouTube Premium Lite 8 plan
Gemini Notebook with expanded access
Google Search: 2 Get access to the Gemini 3 Pro model to unlock interactive simulations and tools to answer your most complex questions, plus Deep Search, agentic capabilities, and more
Google Search: Early access to Personal Intelligence in AI Mode (US only)
Jules: 7 Expanded task and concurrency limits, and access to latest models
Google Antigravity: Expanded rate limits to agent model in Google Antigravity, our agentic development platform
More Remix generations and Veo 3 5 photo-to-video generations in Google Photos (US only)
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, Vids, and more
Google Home Premium Standard: 30 days of event history and Gemini features. Included in all markets where Google Home Premium is available. Learn more
5 TB of storage for Google Photos, Drive, and Gmail
Other premium member benefits
Google AI Ultra gives you a higher level of access to everything in Google AI Pro, as well as:
Gemini app with higher limits to 3.1 Pro and Google Omni Flash 5 , plus access to Deep Think
Google Flow with higher limits to Google Omni Flash 5
AI Studio with higher limits to prototype, experiment and build with our Gemini 3.1 Pro models and Nano Banana Pro. 6
Project Genie 11 is available in more than 140 countries - see full list of countries . Only available with a Google AI Ultra plan.
YouTube Premium 12 individual plan
Google Search: 2 Higher access to Gemini 3 Pro model to unlock interactive simulations and tools to answers your most complex questions, plus Deep Search, agentic capabilities and more
Jules: 7 Higher task and concurrency limits, and access to latest models
Google Antigravity: Higher rate limits to agent model in Google Antigravity, our agentic development platform
Highest Remix generations and Veo 3 5 photo-to-video generations in Google Photos (US only)
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, Vids, and more
Google Home Premium Advanced: 24/7 video history, event descriptions, and more. Included in all markets where Google Home Premium is available. Learn more
Cloud storage starting at 20 TB for Google Photos, Drive, and Gmail
Other premium member benefits
Google AI Ultra is available in more than 150 countries — see full list of countries .
Can I share the AI benefits included in Google AI plans?
Family plan members on a Google AI Pro plan can enjoy AI benefits and features at no extra cost. Learn more .
I’m a Google Workspace customer, can I sign up for Google AI plans?
Only personal Google Accounts can sign up for Google AI plans. Workspace customers can sign up for a Gemini add-on to their existing subscription. Learn more about which offering works best for you and your business.
What countries are Google AI plans available in?
Google AI Plus is available in over 160 countries. Google AI Pro is available in over 150 countries. Google AI Ultra is available in more than 150 countries — see full list of countries . Certain AI benefits are only available for ages 18+. Learn more .
Gemini app and Gemini in Gmail, Docs, and more in Google AI plans are only available for ages 18+. Gemini in Gmail, Docs, and more is available in select languages — see full list of languages .
How do I use the AI benefits included with Google AI plans?
When you start a trial or are subscribed to a Google AI plan, you can use the following AI features:
Gemini app: Access it at gemini.google.com or through the mobile app .
Generate AI videos in Google Flow and the Gemini app.
Gemini in Gmail, Docs, Slides, Sheets, and Meet: Capabilities can be used directly within these Google products.
Gemini Notebook: Access it at notebook.google .
Can I create videos with a Google AI plan?
Our Google AI plans give you access to video generation in Gemini and Google Flow to help you bring your ideas in motion.
What is the difference between AI Premium and a Google AI Plus plan?
The Google AI Premium plan has a new name: Google AI Plus. It includes the same benefits like the Gemini app, Gemini Notebook, 400 GB of storage, and more.
What’s the difference between YouTube Premium individual and YouTube Premium Lite plans?
The YouTube Premium individual plan unlocks all of YouTube and YouTube Music ad-free, offline, and in the background. 12 Enjoy every Premium feature across all content types.
The YouTube Premium Lite plan is a good fit for you if you mainly watch creator content. 8 Music videos, concerts, and songs may still have ads and won't be available offline or in the background.
What’s the difference between Fitbit Premium and Google Health Premium?
Google Health Premium replaces the former Fitbit Premium subscription with a singular place to manage and control your health data. The Google Health app simplifies and brings all of your data into one place – including your Fitbit, Google Fit, Health Connect and Apple Health data plus your personal medical records. It also introduces Google Health Coach, which is built with Gemini to be a fitness trainer, sleep coach, and health and wellness advisor, available across the Fitbit and Pixel Watch portfolio.
Stay in the loop with Google One
Get the latest updates and news from Google One, delivered to your inbox.
Manage your plan and more with the Google One app
1. Google AI Plus, Pro, and Ultra plans are available in more than 140 countries and territories — see full list of countries . Certain AI benefits are only available for those aged 18+. Learn more .
2. Gemini 3 Pro model and Nano Banana Pro are available in select countries — see full list of countries with Gemini 3 Pro in AI Mode and full list of countries with Nano Banana Pro in AI Mode .
3. Gemini Spark is available in select countries and languages — see full list of countries .
4. Chrome auto browse is available in the US and India. Learn more .
5. Veo 3.1, Google Flow, and Google Flow Music are available in more than 140 countries and territories — see full list of countries for Veo 3.1 , Google Flow , and Google Flow Music .
6. The Gemini API Additional Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy apply to your use of Google AI Studio. Learn more about data use .
AI Studio is available in more than 140 countries - see full list of countries . AI Studio is only available for age 18+.
7. Jules is an asynchronous coding agent that is currently in beta. To use Jules, you must be 18 years old or older. Only English is officially supported at this time. Capacity is subject to availability and not guaranteed.
8. YouTube Premium Lite is available for Google AI Pro subscribers in select countries – see full list of countries . Age restrictions, language availability, system requirements and other restrictions may apply.
The YouTube Premium Lite plan included in this bundle won’t activate if you already have an equivalent or YouTube Premium subscription. Learn more . Already have a YouTube membership?
Learn more about managing memberships .
9. Google Health Premium is available for Google AI Pro and Ultra subscribers in select countries – see full list of countries . Requires Google Health app and internet connection. Features subject to change; availability varies. Not intended for medical purposes. Gemini features work independently of Gemini apps. Check responses for accuracy; results may vary. Available on select devices.
Requires a Pixel Watch or Google Health device (sold separately).
10. Requires Google Home app, Wi-Fi, and internet connection. Features subject to change; available in select countries and languages . Gemini features work independently of Gemini apps. Check responses for accuracy; results may vary.
Requires compatible smart home device(s) (sold separately).
11. Project Genie is available in more than 140 countries — see full list of countries . Only available with a Google AI Ultra plan.
12. YouTube Premium individual plan is included in Google AI Ultra in over 40 countries — see full list of countries .
13. Student Special Offer and Combined Google and YouTube Offer terms apply. These student offers provide students with discounted pricing and benefits on the Google AI Plus and Google AI Pro plans. Available to eligible students. Verification via SheerID required upon sign-up. Student offers are valid for up to 4 years and may automatically renew at the standard monthly price once student status concludes. Not available on school-issued accounts. Individual use only.
14. Deep Search in Google Finance is only available in the US.
Change your region and language